[Applause]
terminated
[Music]
for that was pretty good bazooka work
for 28 years without firing one where
have you been fired yeah that was my
first bazooka work ever
first bazooka well congratulations on
that you know I heard the story about
you and this movie that you really like
he weren't sure you wanted to do it at
all and but why did you how did you come
around what was that process like who
asked you to do it Jim Cameron called
uh-huh and then he called a second time
okay and then he called the third time
and said it's about work and I was like
oh what's up I said so the first two
times you did not answer I don't answer
a call back okay okay but when he said
it was about work I called him Pat okay
and presented the idea and I was like oh
I don't know am I in a wheelchair I mean
it's the only way I could imagine
playing Sarah Connor again the geriatric
version that's what you wanted right
pretty much it would be a lot easier
than the way we did it Yeah right you
did it the hard way good to go through a
lot right the training you know yeah
it's very rigorous did you enjoyed you
enjoy that at all um I actually do you
did a great adventure you know my body
will never be the same
well I've got all the itis is now and
it's dead from those weapons yeah and
the training and well you know it takes
its toll will you be suing Jim Cameron
great idea
now you were married to Jim Cameron I
was is that what you didn't call him
back
my friends call it Hamill time I'll get
back to them in Hamilton I see so
everybody I have my owns what they're
getting into yeah you don't text or do
any of that kind of stuff rarely yeah I
like I didn't envy that really I have so
much anxiety I just oh my god I didn't
respond to this email I didn't call this
person you don't have any of that stun
at all no no yeah well good for you
I mean that's probably why you're such a
killer on screen hey you know what
Arnold Schwarzenegger was here last
night
oh I heard and he is we had a lot of fun
here last night
he really is something else what did you
make of him the first time you met him
first time was 35 years ago and I
actually and he knows this so I can say
it publicly now really was kind of
worried about the film because Arnold
was in it right yeah no my people were
very excited about it but I was the
snotty New York actress and I was like I
don't know but I went to see him at work
and watched him perform as that robot
nightmare right this might be all right
here you guys are together is this right
right when you met I guess all right
that's the second one oh that's the
second yeah
the first one had really bad hair did
you guys work out together is that
what's going on here we didn't we were
just showing off uh-huh
did you when was the last time you saw
him before shooting this movie
inauguration oh you surprised when he
was elected governor there was yeah we
all were really at the time it seemed
outlandish at the time okay now it
doesn't seem so he's just become the
greatest elder statesman yeah I mean
he's an amazing mind and agenda and you
know I have just developed so much
respect for him and a lot of fun also
now you know he was evacuated from his I
not home because of the fires your
premiere last night was canceled because
of the fire yes and so have you seen the
movie yet well last night was supposed
to be the person yeah
I really hold off until it's all done
and you know I don't want to see
anything in process so there was some
disappointment that the premiere was
cancelled but they did a very small
screening for family and friends so you
did get a slight edge and how did what
do you think was it worth all of it it's
okay if you get another call from Jim
Cameron he probably won't be calling
asking you to do another one is that
something that you would I think so
if the if there's the demand you know
really if the character if there's
something new to bestow there's some
sort of evolution or something new I got
no I don't want to just do the same
thing right I got the initiative returns
Yeah right cuz you seem to be enjoying
yourself I do yeah in my world well good
[Laughter]
it's great to see you congratulations on
the movie it's called Terminator dark
fate it opens in theaters on Friday
Linda Hamilton everybody hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel an evil wizard has trapped me
inside this YouTube video click
subscribe to help me escape